
What restaurant would you recommend to someone visiting San Francisco?
Gil Silberman
Lived in San Francisco, CA (1993–2021)Author has 11.4K answers and 33.6M answer views6y
As a visitor…

Many of the downtown waterfront restaurants with great views are actually pretty good. Off the top of my head, Epic Steak, Waterbar, Hog Island Oyster Company, Slanted Door, La Mar, Coqueta, Hillstone, and Greens are all great. For something less formal on the water, Mission Rock Resort, The Ramp, AT Water Tavern, Pier 23, Queens Louisiana, and the Blue Mermaid are all okay. Not much in Fisherman’s Wharf / Pier 39, except Fog Harbor is very good and the Crab House is a fun experience.


(image: Waterbar, how’s that for a setting?)

There are some excellent food trucks, both mobile and in food truck lots. In late spring to early fall Presidio Picnic on Sundays is one of SF’s epic experiences, a bunch of food trucks with a DJ in a national park setting. SPARK SF, much smaller and somewhat less scenic, is a permanent food park that operates everyday. There are lots of trucks for weekday lunches outside the Salesforce Transit center, and you can take your food up to the gorgeous park on top. On Saturday or Sunday you can visit a farmer’s market and eat the popup food there. My favorite is Primavera on Saturdays at the Ferry Plaza, some of the best Mexican food I’ve ever had. Any other day you can roam the Ferry Building food hall and pick out whatever you want to eat on benches and tables overlooking the water.


(image:the Presidio PIcnic)

If you’re a fine dining tourist then just take your pick of the top 100 restaurants in town, whatever sounds good to you. Or take a food excursion to Napa Valley. That’s a different question, the best or favorite restaurants overall.

You might enjoy a ticketed popup dinner, either a daily or occasional meal served in a non-traditional kitchen / dining setting, could be a secret location or a commercial kitchen, a chef’s home, etc. There are many sources for these. The most famous is Lazy Bear, which can be very hard to get a reservation.

Another special occasion would be a winemaker or brewmaster dinner. These can be expensive but they’re great experiences — google will help you find them, or point you to sites that list upcoming special event dinners.

Too bad Teatro Zinzanni is on hiatus for a decade after losing their lease to the America’s Cup. That’s like a dinner theater, but instead of a musical it’s an indoor circus. The food and entertainment were both first rate. They’re approved to return as an entire hotel-restaurant complex on the waterfront, so if all goes well that may be an option if you’re reading this a few years from now. There are a few other entertainment supperclubs but they were the queen of them. Oh, that reminds me. AsiaSF - a fixed course “gender illusionist” revue with good food. I would say only in SF, but it’s apparently based on something more common in Southeast Asia.


(image: teatro Zinzanni, hoping it comes back soon)

Several well known restaurants with good food are particularly gorgeous, so I would go for the iconic only in San Francisco design. Aside from Waterbar and Epic there’s Farallon, Fog City Diner, and Boulevard, all designed by Pat Kuleto. Farallon is particularly impressive, everything inside from the stair railings to the seats and light fixtures, is all custom designed and handmade. Kokkari is a beautiful non-Kuleto restaurant.

San Francisco doesn’t really have its own unique cuisine, unless you count California cuisine. Other than cioppino (available many places, an informal favorite is at Calzone’s) and some less well known dishes like hangtown fry and celery Victor, and being the birthplace of California pizza, it’s mostly regional cooking from around the world, sometimes with some fusion elements or local fresh vegetables.


(image: Cioppino, I could eat that every day)

Profile photo for Colleen Sollars
Colleen Sollars
Lived in San Francisco Bay Area (1974–2024)Author has 1.7K answers and 1M answer views6y
Thanks for the A2A. Where do I start? There are so many. I’ll give you two short lists, categorized by expense relative to other SF restaurants, not many of them are actually cheap. These are places I’ve eaten many times with no disappointments.

Less expensive:

Namu Gaji (the SF Ferry Building location) elevated Korean comfort food

Old Islamic Mandarin - Uighur Chinese with fabulous savory pancakes and lamb

Mission Chinese - not your typical Chinese food

Mensho Tokyo - best ramen in SF in my opinion

**One in-between: Universal Cafe - best of California cuisine. Seasonal, fresh, skillful. Go for brunch and expect to wait, worth it!

More expensive:

Slanted Door - upscale Vietnamese food

Swan Oyster Depot - best fresh pile of seafood you’ll find in SF. Piles of crab, shrimp, prawns, scallops, they’ve got it all. It’s not fancy, but it is high quality.

Saison - VERY expensive, but one of the most unique meals you’ll ever have. One of the best meals of my life. Get reservations ahead. They forage many of their ingredients from the area where the protein in the dish comes. This article breaks down what you can expect, and it’s offshoot which is half the price.

Profile photo for Brandi
Brandi
Former Retired Surgeon, loves dogsAuthor has 2.7K answers and 5.9M answer views6y
I would suggest restaurants which have stood the test of time. House of Prime Rib is a classic, and its persistence in the face of disappearing meat restaurants says a lot. For super fine dining, it is hard to beat Gary Danko near the wharf. For Italian My favs are Piazza Pelligrini and Original Joe’s in North Beach. For Chinese, it is obviously Brandy Ho’s! For salads, breakfast lunch etc. try Squat and Gobble on Chestnut! For Philly Cheesesteaks go to Jakes for Steaks in the Marina. The Slanted Door at the ferry building is a bit overrated but the location is super.

Profile photo for David Crane
David Crane
Lives in San Francisco, CAAuthor has 233 answers and 609.4K answer views
 · 
5y
For a real old San Francisco feel and top quality seafood, I recommend Tadich Grill on California Street. They are currently closed for COVID but expect to reopen soon. Try the petrale sole which is the best sole and is generally only available on the west coast. For quality and fun in a classy setting I recommend Perbacco, a fine Italian restaurant. For convivialit...

Profile photo for Emmanuel Pozo
Emmanuel Pozo
Lives in San Francisco, CAUpdated 14y
Originally Answered: Where should I go out to eat in San Francisco?
Wow.. this question is so vast ..all depends on what you are looking to eat at the time. I compiled a list of some of my favorite spots in the city.

I'll categorize them later .. but for now here is the rough list.

Dosa (Indian, mission/Fillmore)
Taqueria El-Farolito (Mexican, burritos, mission)
Taqueria Cancun (Mexican, mission)
Chez Maman (French Bistro, porteror hill)
Chapeau (French, Richmond)
L'ardoise (French)
Plow (Brunch, Potrero Hill)
Mission Beach Cafe (Brunch, mission)
The Butler and the Chef (Brunch, south park)
Burma Superstar (Burmese, Richmond)
Ristobar (Refined italian, Marina)
Izzie's (Steakhouse, Marina)
Cafe Flor (Brunch, Castro)
Papalote (Mexican, mission)
Slanted Door (Vietnamese, Ferry Building)
Victor's Pizza (Polk)
Boulevard (mission)
Kare Ken (Great Japanese curry)
Aziza (Morrocan, Geary area)
Bar Jules (Brasserie, Hayes Valley)
Tadich Grill (Fresh Seafood, russian hill)
Nopa (Hayes Valley)
Foreign Cinema (California/Mediterranean inspired, mission)
Absinthe (Brasserie, Hayes Valley)
Amelie (Wine/Cheese, Polk)
Halu (Japanese, Richmond)
Tomaso's (Italian food, north beach)
Tokyogogo (Sushi, mission)
Zarzuela (Tapas, Russian Hill)
Zushi Puzzle (Sushi, north beach)
Ti-Couz (Mediterranean, mission)(closed)
Fleur de lys (French, Union Square) --> expensive
La Folie (Russian Hill) --> expensive
North Star (Pizza, mission)
Bistro Aix (French, Marina)
Polkers (Brunch)
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana (peruvian, embarcadero)
Delfina (Italian, mission)
Sushi Rock (Polk)
Swan Oyster Depot (Best oysters, Polk)

Coffee/Tea/Desserts/Bakeries
Bi-Rite Creamery (Ice-cream, mission)
Ritual Roasters (Coffee, mission)
Anthony's Cookies (Best Cookies, mission)
Four Barrel Coffee (mission)
Steps of Rome (deserts, north beach)
Bob's Donuts (Polk)
Tartine (pastries,mission)
La Boulange (pastries, fillmore/russian hill)
Samovar Tea Lounge (Hayes Valley)
Blue Bottle Coffee (downtown)

Profile photo for Jane Firstenfeld
Jane Firstenfeld
Longtime journalist in U.S. and Mexico.Author has 1.6K answers and 655.4K answer views6y
Although I live in the SF Bay Area, I rarely visit the city. Depends on what foods you like. One of the oldest and most reliable is House of Prime Rib on Van Ness. They carve prime rib table side, and have wonderful Yorkshire pudding to go with.

For Asian food, I’d recommend dim sum houses in the Richmond District (in the city) and many of the Japanese restaurants in Japantown.

Profile photo for Gam Dias
Gam Dias
Lives in Madrid, lived in London, San Francisco, Santa CruzAuthor has 367 answers and 1.4M answer views9y
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
Restaurants are always opening and closing around here… here are a few classics:

Michael Mina has a number of high quality restaurants: Restaurants in San Francisco CA | Michael Mina
Boulevard is a San Francisco staple: Home
Spruce is pretty solid too: Spruce
Saison has just picked up its third Michelin star: home
Otherwise just keep an eye out for what’s going on on Eater SF - the Top 38 and the Heatmap will keep you current.

Profile photo for Chris Northcutt
Chris Northcutt
Lives in San Francisco, CAAuthor has 171 answers and 224.6K answer views6y
It depends on what kind of experience you want. Steak and drinks, I agree House of Prime Rib - there are others.

I don’t do North beach that much anymore - lots of good Italian restaurants all over town though.

Asian - if you want a place popular with local west side asians (and other local residents) with the focus on the food (the aunties making the dumplings in the back, that sort of thing) I like Shandong Deluxe on Taraval. Okazu Ya (Japanese) down the street is also a local favorite. There are others way out there.

Also a plug for Zazie’s on Cole Street - French inspired bistro, very consistent with garden dining out back. They actually pay wait staff well enough that tipping isn’t expected. An old favorite for special occasions. There’s also a good Japanese restaurant Kamekyo next door.

653 viewsAnswer requested by 
Jessica Kuchler

Profile photo for Mathieu Kury
Mathieu Kury
Lives in San Francisco, CA
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
Burmalove is a great burmese restaurant in the Mission, on Valencia St. You should definitely give it a try!

Another good place (Mexican food) is El Techo de Lolinda (Rooftop of Lolinda’s restaurant) which offers very good cocktails, guac and a crazy quesadilla and carnitas. Other good point: you can enjoy all the food with a cool view of the Financial district skyline. Long line, tho. You can book in advance! ;)

Profile photo for Fred Yee
Fred Yee
Lived in San Francisco, CA
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
When my family visits SF, it is unanimous that we go to Dumpling Kitchen on Taraval for Shanghai dumplings. They also have hand spun noodles and great sugar puffs for dessert. My sister and her husband also vote for the same place whether we're with them or not as well. Having said that SF has many places to eat that are great and reasonable.

Profile photo for Judith Cain
Judith Cain
Lived in San Francisco, CAAuthor has 64 answers and 43.5K answer views
So many fabulous restaurants!!!! I suggest Greens at Ft. Mason with a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge serving creative vegetarian since 1979, much of the food grown at Green Gulch Farm in Marin. Also, Slanted Door at the Ferry Building for inspired Vietnamese/Californian menu, everything beautifully presented and delicious!

Profile photo for Benjamin A.
Benjamin A.
Author has 292 answers and 500.3K answer views
I’d recommend Boudin Bakery, the famous sourdough place, because it will bring them to the waterfront, and because most people will like it, and because it might increase the chance they’ll go see the Golden Gate Bridge (perhaps from Crissy Field which is really nice) and maybe even take a ferry to Sausalito, which I think are important things to do in San Francisco that often get missed out on.

