What are some must try San Francisco restaurants?
Profile photo for Jeffrey Wang
Jeffrey Wang
Lives in San Francisco, CAAuthor has 1.1K answers and 388.2K answer viewsUpdated 7y
Originally Answered: What are some “must try” restaurants in San Francisco? Please provide a direct link to Yelp, if possible.
There's a place called ‘top’s cafe’, next to La loma mexican grocery(only one dish@$6),I dare you to finish all of it, you need doggy bag, just plate covered with rice, some chinese cabbage, sauce dipping dish, but tons of cut up rosst pork, plus all that pork belly fried skin,;it's mostly a butcher shop, they just threw a bunch of dining tables as an afterthought & called it a restaurant with some standard menus(san bruno& felton) ;i don't think bauer, yelp, michelin reviews these types of restaurants.. (a truck driver eats wherever he can park his 18-wheeler…)>>you just point to hanging pork belly& point to your mouth, & the waitress will take it from there.. ..

Profile photo for Antoun Nabhan
Antoun Nabhan
Former San Francisco Resident, Middle Aged But Still HyphyAuthor has 3.2K answers and 11.4M answer views6y
Hm. San Francisco has lots of good restaurants, but I suppose to be ‘must try’ you’d want them to offer something that you don’t find in other cities, or that are emblematic of certain sub-cultures of San Francisco.

High-end: Gary Danko, Quince, Michael Mina, and Boulevard

Mid-to-high-Price: Boboquivari’s, Tadich Grill, The Old Clam House, R&G Lounge, Yank Sing, Osha on Geary (not the other ones, which are good but not nearly as SF-specific), Son’s Addition, Burma Superstar / Little Star, Flour & Water. And finally, In Situ, which is “just” the cafe in the SF Museum of Modern Art…but has a Michelin star.

Low-to-mid-price: First of all, try the burritos. Much has been written about which SF burritos are the best. It’s a whole thing. I won’t name just one - there are many paths to tortilla-wrapped joy. Read up and pick the ones that appeal to you.

Second of all, go to Clement St. and get noodle soup. As with the burritos, there are a number of places that are all delivering their own particular twist on the formula. I haven’t had a bad bowl of soup on that street yet. Pick a place and get to slurping.

Outside of that: So, Huli Huli, Tommy’s Joynt, In-N-Out Burger, The Great American Hamburger (but order off the Chinese food menu, not the burger menu), It’s Tops, La Mediterrenae.

Thanks for the A2A.

Profile photo for Nikhil
Nikhil
Lived here for 4 years now and thinking of settling here.10y
Originally Answered: What are some great new restaurants to eat at in San Francisco?
Depends!

1. Are you a vegetarian/vegan/meat eater?
2. What kind of cuisine do you like?
3. Are you looking for lunch or dinner?

I heavily use Yelp to find restaurants nearby. A simple search term like Find "new restaurants" Near "San Francisco, CA" gave me around 1700 restaurants to select from on Yelp!

Apart from Yelp, I found several other apps that lets you find restaurants based on your preference. For example, Eat24, FourSqaure, UrbanSpoon, Zagat etc.,

HTH!!

Profile photo for Gil Silberman
Gil Silberman
Lived in San Francisco, CA (1993–2021)Author has 11.4K answers and 33.6M answer views6y
This is difficult, because “must try” implies something beyond the best food. Rather, it is what you ought to experience that is unique to San Francisco, that you cannot get somewhere else.

We have great French, Italian, and mediterranean restaurants, but you could have it at least as good in France, Italy, and elsewhere. We have some astounding world class bakeries, patisseries, chocolatiers, coffee roasters, restaurants for tapas, but other places have these too. If you can walk right into Eleven Madison Park as I did, I would not say the equivalent restaurant in SF is must-try.

So limiting this unique to SF and in SF proper, here goes…

Swan Oyster Depot or else Hog Island Oyster Bar because, well, it is hard to explain. Down to earth, serious seafood feed.
One of the many restaurants developed by Pat Kuleto, the Frank Lloyd Wright of restaurants… he invented restaurant design as high art storytelling. I would suggest Farallon or EPIC Steak or Waterbar, each equally mysterious and stunning.
A cocktail bar specializing in a single spirit or historical era that also serves food. Rum is a big thing, so Bar Agricole.
SF originated a format of Mexican cuisine that has gone international at Chipotle Mexican Grill. Why not go to the source? Try La Taqueria and Pancho Villa Taqueria, but there are many, many others.
In Situ. Hard to describer quickly, but it is a tribute restaurant, they reinterpret famous dishes from other world famous restaurants (which is itself an innovative thing), and in the setting of a modern art museum.

Profile photo for Fred Yee
Fred Yee
Lived in San Francisco, CA
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
When my family visits SF, it is unanimous that we go to Dumpling Kitchen on Taraval for Shanghai dumplings. They also have hand spun noodles and great sugar puffs for dessert. My sister and her husband also vote for the same place whether we're with them or not as well. Having said that SF has many places to eat that are great and reasonable.

Profile photo for Judith Cain
Judith Cain
Lived in San Francisco, CAAuthor has 64 answers and 43.5K answer views6y
Originally Answered: What places to eat are recommended in San Francisco, USA?
There are so many amazing restaurants - the world’s food is in San Francisco. Farm to table, Burmese, fusion, Chinese, vegetarian, Italian, etc. etc. A favorite vegetarian restaurant - Greens at Ft. Mason with a view of the Bay and Golden Gate Bridge. Every neighborhood is filled with restaurants of every kind. I suggest you read Soleil Ho, the restaurant critic for the San Francisco Chronicle. She writes beautifully and in depth about food, restaurants, values, ethics, etc.

Profile photo for Anonymous
Anonymous
11y
Originally Answered: Where is a good place to eat in San Francisco?
It depends on what you are looking for. I Always enjoy eating outside and possibly taking a walk or just having a view while eating. Because most places do not have a great view when sitting outside I just like to grab food to go and sit or walk somewhere. One of the best things I learned recently that a company called SpoonRocket delivers in San Francisco now. What they do is deliver healthy meals to you curbside in about 10 minutes. They are pretty affordable and since they are curbside you can get your food almost anywhere. The meals are pretty good and they do not break the bank. you should try them out. Here's a link to their website and I think they have an app too! Most Convenient Meal Ever.

Profile photo for Ward Chartier
Ward Chartier
Retired. Former manufacturing ops General Manager (2017–present)Author has 11.1K answers and 8M answer views6y
Originally Answered: What places to eat are recommended in San Francisco, USA?
There is an abundance of excellent dining in San Francisco. There are two Michelin 3 Star restaurants and several more 1 Star and 2 Star establishments. Given the demographics of the city there are superb Chinese, Japanese, Korean, steak, Italian, seafood, and American cuisine restaurants. I have found that driving north to San Rafael it’s possible to find excellent Mexican cuisine there.

While there are many good restaurants in San Francisco at various price points, patrons must deal with the problems of human waste and used needles outside some of the restaurants.

Profile photo for Mathieu Kury
Mathieu Kury
Lives in San Francisco, CA
 · 
9y
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
Burmalove is a great burmese restaurant in the Mission, on Valencia St. You should definitely give it a try!

Another good place (Mexican food) is El Techo de Lolinda (Rooftop of Lolinda’s restaurant) which offers very good cocktails, guac and a crazy quesadilla and carnitas. Other good point: you can enjoy all the food with a cool view of the Financial district skyline. Long line, tho. You can book in advance! ;)

Profile photo for Brian Hertzog
Brian Hertzog
I live in San Francisco
 · 
10y
Originally Answered: What are some great new restaurants to eat at in San Francisco?
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco is Delfina, on 18th. It's not necessarily "new", but if you've never been, I recommend trying. The food is Italian/Californian, delicious, and served in a non-pretentious atmosphere, typical of classy restaurants. Delfina staff are friendly and the ambiance of the restaurant is inviting.

Hope it helps!

Profile photo for Michael Moseley
Michael Moseley
Lived in San Francisco Bay Area
 · 
7y
Originally Answered: What are some of the best local places to eat in San Francisco?
Hello Werlene. for fine dining, I would recommend The House of Preimerib and Ruths Chris Steakhouse. Then, you have Harry Denton’s Restaurants, including the Starlight Room club if you like to dance. There are otherwise many wonderful restaurants in different neighborhoods, such as Cow Hollow, North Beach, Peer 39. Be sure to tell Harry Dr. Moseley said Hi! Oh, one more, that is for a great breakfast, The International House of Pancakes. There are to locations.

Profile photo for Kuassi Mensah
Kuassi Mensah
Lives in San Francisco, CA
 · 
8y
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
The ones I’ve experienced and liked include:

Chez Panisse & Cafe (French, very good)
Slanted Door (fusion French/Vietnamese)
Piperade (Basque Spanish/French)
La Folie (French)
Coquetta (Spanish)
Le Colonial (Fusion French /Vietnamese)
Crab restaurants at Fishermans Wharf
Profile photo for Gam Dias
Gam Dias
Lives in Madrid, lived in London, San Francisco, Santa CruzAuthor has 367 answers and 1.4M answer views
 · 
9y
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
Restaurants are always opening and closing around here… here are a few classics:

Michael Mina has a number of high quality restaurants: Restaurants in San Francisco CA | Michael Mina
Boulevard is a San Francisco staple: Home
Spruce is pretty solid too: Spruce
Saison has just picked up its third Michelin star: home
Otherwise just keep an eye out for what’s going on on Eater SF - the Top 38 and the Heatmap will keep you current.

Profile photo for Eloy Ramirez
Eloy Ramirez
Former Entrepreneur and financial advisor.Author has 481 answers and 148.7K answer views
 · 
3y
Originally Answered: Where are some good places to eat in San Francisco?
China Town and Fisherman's Wharf for me. You might not like it there. If I stay in a hotel I ask the employees at the lobby and they are pretty good at recommending good restaurants.

Profile photo for Andrea Starrett
Andrea Starrett
Four-year resident, go now for work and socialAuthor has 429 answers and 896.3K answer views
 · 
11y
Originally Answered: What is the best restaurant in San Francisco?
Depends what best means for you or for this question. For me, no questions, it's State Bird. Innovative, great service, and fun fun fun. Most authorities would rate the finer dining experiences, but personally, even though I love the service at places like Quince, I just can't deal with being someplace for several hours.

Profile photo for Mike
Mike
Tyrion Lannister told me "I drink and I know things"Author has 1.2K answers and 580.6K answer views
 · 
2y
if you're in the mood for steak / prime rib I can absolutely recommend Izzy's steakhouse on Steiner

make sure you get the Izzy potatoes…

it has a very comfortable interior very nice ambiance…. full stock bar and TV monitors if you're watching sports

Profile photo for Mike Faith
Mike Faith
Lived in San Francisco, CA
 · 
8y
Originally Answered: What are the best restaurants to try when visiting San Francisco, CA?
Kokarri. Undoubtedly the best. Usually need reservations, but if you get there early (5ish) you should be able to get a seat at the bar.

