	
Sharon H.
San Jose, CA
4 Sushi reviews
Apr 18, 2026
10 photos1 check-in
Roger and Winnie well exceeded our expectations! This was by far the best omakase experience we've ever had! If you're expecting something trendy and quick, please do not come here. This place has so much character and is a family run restaurant with the one and only Roger as the sushi chef. His wife Winnie and daughter support the front of the house.

Expect extremely fresh pieces of fish and large portions!! This is also not a set omakase menu! You tell him when you're tapped out! He will take you on a journey of educating you about pairings of sake and beers and crazy types of fish that you've never tried. The omakase is not set because it's all based on what fresh fish he can get his hands on!

Please come support him and his family. They're lovely people!!! We snagged the 8pm reservation and left well after closing and we were the last group there. He's 68 years old guys. He's retiring next February so you should experience this level of omakase just once in your life if you're a sushi lover.

(We got to 27 courses)

See all photos from Sharon H. for Zushi Puzzle

Karen M.
Tenderloin, San Francisco, CA
1364294
Jan 7, 2026
6 photos
I had heard good things about this place, so I was excited to try it.

We ordered three appetizers, eight pieces of nigiri, and the chicken udon.

We arrived at 5:30 p.m. They open at 5 p.m., and we were the first customers there. The place is definitely more of a hole-in-the-wall and appears to be family-run. I have nothing against hole-in-the-wall restaurants, but the restaurant was empty and extremely quiet. There was no music playing, so it was complete silence until another couple came in. Even then, I'm not a fan of restaurants that don't play some kind of background music--the silence made the place feel even more lifeless.

Onto the food:
The grilled sea bass was good.
The seaweed cucumber salad was so-so. The mackerel that came with it tasted fishy, which could have been due to it being cured, but I just wasn't a fan.
We also ordered the fried tofu, but it didn't come out until near the end of our meal. I'm not sure why it took so long, especially since the kitchen wasn't busy.

I enjoyed the scallops and kani (crab). They were sweet, and the scallops had a good texture. The hamachi was my second favorite. Unfortunately, the madai and salmon didn't taste fresh. The toro was probably the worst piece of toro I've ever had--it was extremely fishy in both taste and smell. I've never had toro like that before. The unagi also had a slight sour taste.

The stir-fried chicken udon was good.

I was also confused by the order in which the food came out--it felt very disorganized. To make matters worse, my boyfriend has been experiencing stomach issues since last night's dinner and is still recovering.

Overall, the cooked dishes were pretty good and decent. However, when it comes to the raw items, it may be safer to order more commonly requested dishes, as they're more likely to be made with fresher fish.

See all photos from Karen M. for Zushi Puzzle

Kaya E.
Elite 26
Washington, DC
15 Salad reviews
Sep 8, 2025
10 photos
Zushi Puzzle came HIGHLY HIGHLY recommended by a friend of mine that loves the Bay area and loves food. After my experience there I also now really really recommend you check this place out.

Chef Roger is a gem and master at what he does.

Here's a bit more about my experience:
-I called and made a reservation about a week out from my trip to San Francisco. I scheduled it for a Friday evening at 6:30 pm
-Parking was relatively easy that evening
-Our bar seats were ready for us as soon as we arrived, the rest of the restaurant was about half way full.
- This place is a no frills kind of location but once you head to the back you can see all of the fresh assortment of the finest fish
- The beer was delicious
- The food, 10x better. Nicely sized portions of fish (tuna, salmon, soft crab, toro, yellowtail and wagyu. Wooooweee it was all perfect
- price was fine, we left so full
- the wasabi ice cream & passion fruit sorbet plus the coffee/popcorn ice cream to end it all off
- the only thing I didn't love as much was the fact that it took a really long time and we went in not sure what to expect and weren't told anything

Chef's kiss
Get a reservation asap at Zushi Puzzle

See all photos from Kaya E. for Zushi Puzzle

Stephanie Q.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
4 Salad reviews
Jan 19, 2026
We had reservations to do the omakase experience with Chef Roger, and let me tell you-- it was well worth it! Expect to pay about $400 for 2 including tip.
I think if you want to splurge on an omakase experience this one is quite unique. I've been to plenty of omakase restaurants but nothing like this. The ambiance is more casual, but it didn't take away from the experience at all. Chef Roger has a great and hilarious personality. It was fun, the fish was fresh, and I will definitely be sure to return. Bring a friend or significant other to enjoy this experience with!

Herman L.
Elite 26
Houston, TX
17 Sushi reviews
Dec 3, 2025
5 photos
Came on a whim, no reservation or anything so I sat in the main part of the restaurant. I was early, came right at opening, and they were still setting up, so it took a while for service. Server seemed a bit flustered but no big deal. Fish was great and the soft shell crab is very flavorful. I could tell that sitting at the bar was the way to go from overhearing conversations. Nice find and reasonable prices.

See all photos from Herman L. for Zushi Puzzle

Daw M.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
19 Salad reviews
Feb 10, 2025
7 photos
Experience at the bar was amazing

Food was impeccable. Never had such an amazing time eating seafood before. Changed my mind on how icky uni used to be and how amazing it tastes when prepared just right.

Taken on a mouth watering and mouth orgasmic ride.

So many courses I tapped out before the end

Will definitely be back to make it through the entire course.

Thank you!!

See all photos from Daw M. for Zushi Puzzle

Denise C.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
76 Salad reviews
Sep 22, 2025
Enjoy sushi restaurants ..mystery ..sushi SF ...old times sushi ..funny ..in marina ..lots of sushi ..California roll

Kelsey R.
San Francisco, CA
142184189
Apr 28, 2025
2 photos
Unreal experience! Did omakase with another couple and it was incredible.

Sat at chef Roger's table I believe there are 8 spots and it was such an intimate experience.

Some of the best quality fish I have ever had. The hand roll was to die for as well as the salmon and toro.

Can't wait to go back and experience it again!

Omakase

Omakse

Josh G.
Downtown, Eugene, OR
173810
Oct 18, 2025
3 photos
Make a reservation at the bar and let chef Roger take care of the menu, an unbelievable sushi experience. Can't recommend it enough.

Jane M.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
13 Sushi reviews
Jan 23, 2025
2 photos
This place is authentic and provides excellent quality fish. They have daily specials with unique fish options that vary daily. Friendly staff and nice spot with Japanese decorated interiors.

	
Alex D.
TX, TX
7 Sushi reviews
Apr 10, 2026
I haven't been to this bad of a restaurant in a long time. I'm so confused how these reviews are good. Ambiance was very depressing. We walk in to 4 tables of 3 people or less and the waitress tells us she is stressed bc they're in SLAMMED?? She was not helpful at all and seemed to purposefully ignore us when we were looking for service or had a questions. The food was all bad. I like grocery store sushi and this was severely worse. We got gyoza (fine), hamachi (eh) and tuna hand roll (AWFUL) and then cancelled the rest of our order. I would NOT recommend.

Casondra P.
San Francisco, CA
79742
Jul 12, 2025
This is the best sushi in San Francisco.

First thing you need to know - make a reservation at the sushi counter for casual omakase, not a regular table.

Second thing you need to know - Roger is a sushi master. An absolute master. Eat whatever he gives you, because each subsequent bite will blow your mind.

The sushi is such high quality that it melts in your mouth, and you might even try to try incredible types of fish you've never had before. I couldn't possibly recommend this place more highly, and we'll keep coming back time and time again!

Nathan M.
Los Gatos, CA
0342
Mar 29, 2026
Great sushi! All of the rolls that we had were wonderful and fresh. Everyone was very nice. We really enjoyed this little spot! Highly recommend!

Lilly M.
San Francisco, CA
3923243
Jan 9, 2025
1 photo
My go-to casual sushi spot in a neighborhood with many solid choices. Dinner here is no-frills, well-priced, and fresh. The service is quick, and we were given a small bowl of complimentary edamame. On my recent visit, we ordered the following (~$60 without tip):

- Agedashi tofu - SO good, light and crispy
- Best handrolls (off-menu) - must order, delicious softshell crab & spicy tuna
- Caterpillar roll
- Romeo & Juliet roll

Caterpillar Roll, best hand roll

Christine B.
San Francisco, CA
0911
Nov 14, 2025
Ordered Romeo & Juliet and the chef put expired salmon inside and tried to mask it with sauce. When I opened up the roll, it smelled rotten and ended up vomiting at home.

Nigiri was fresh bc the chef cannot hide the old product.

Steven B.
Manhattan, New York, NY
710
Feb 26, 2026
Chef Roger gave us an incredible omakase experience. The place is modest looking, but putting ourselves in Roger's hands turned out to be a great decision. He gave us many delicious, and unconventional, pieces, and explained quite a bit too about how to eat and what we were eating. Please go!

Elizabeth S.
Olympic Valley, CA
0510
Apr 24, 2025
3 photos
Wow, incredible dining experience ! Make sure you sit with Roger at the back sushi bar ! He is funny & knowledgeable and makes the most incredible dishes ! He just brings out plate after plate out, you don't event have to bother to order ! Each plate was aesthetically pleasing & mouth-watering good. His selection of fish were delicious , ended with a great dessert. Nice selection of sake too ! 20/10 recommend ! Will definitely be back.

Abby R.
San Francisco, CA
332012
Feb 1, 2025
5 photos
Great service and all star quality sushi. The sushi is always fresh and hits the same each and every time. Hands down the best toro I've ever had in SF.

See all photos from Abby R. for Zushi Puzzle

Lei H.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
43 Sushi reviews
May 27, 2024
We really wanted to like this place, but it's not authentic Japanese. The salmon lover we got came with Unagi sauce which my daughter didn't like. the five piece sushi with hand roll also ended up with some unagi sauce. Not impressed.

The chicken udon broth was off too. Chinese owned Japanese that is a bit more Chinese.

We will not be back.

Jianming L.
Elite 26
Saratoga, CA
5 Sushi reviews
Nov 25, 2024
Foods are ok, nothing special, pretty excited when we saw the blue fin tuna, the quality cannot compare with what we ate in Hawaii. The rolls and other sashimi are relatively good