r/AskSF
GervontaTank

San Francisco - Restaurant List - Recommendations and Omissions
Hello,

I'm visiting San Francisco for the first time in about four days. I've been tasked with creating a shortlist of restaurants of different cuisines within a certain price range and location (northeast). I have a complete table sheet, but since I cannot post images, I've listed them below:

Kingbob

Ganji

Yarsa Nepalese Kitchen

Daeho Kalbijjim & Beef Soup

Dumpling Home

Fog Harbor Fish House (?)

Ben Thai Cafe

Z & Y Peking Duck

Sotto Mare

Golden Boy Pizza

Deli Board

Helmand Palace

Tony's Pizza Napoletana

Burma Love - Downtown

Radhaus

Hon's Wun-Tun House

ABACÁ

Out of these places, which ones would you recommend/ omit? I've heard some of these places are touristy, not that that's necessarily a bad thing, but if it's overpriced/ not worth it, I would rather spend that night elsewhere.

I would appreciate any feedback. Thanks in advance.

·
Comments Section
triple-double
Radhaus is cute for a beer if you’re in Fort Mason but I wouldn’t go out of my way. The interval a few doors down has really great cocktails.

GervontaTank
OP
Thank you.

Ok_Second8665
La Taquiera for burritos is a must

GervontaTank
OP
Okay, thanks. I've heard a lot about burritos in general in San Francisco, wasn't sure what to pick.

Ill_Ad_5308
I mean Golden Boy is next door to Tony’s in North beach so you can do a taste on both they are 5 min walk from each other

GervontaTank
OP
Good idea, thanks.

pinkEddie
Sang tung isn’t on here?

GervontaTank
OP
I'll check it out. Thanks.

Dragon_Fisting
Kingbob is just standard kimbap and some stews/soups. It's not bad, but if you have Korean food at home it's not worth going.

House of Nanking is good, Four Kings if you can get a res, mister Jiu's if you have unlimited budget.

GervontaTank
OP
Thanks. Four Kings was one of the first places I found, but considering I have a relatively large party, it may be out of luck.

one_pound_of_flesh
Daeho is hype, but earned. Go cold and hungry and they will give you new life.

Helmand is wonderful. Super nice people and excellent food.

GervontaTank
OP
Thanks, I've heard lots of positive reviews for Daeho.

3mittb
Highly recommend Burmese food. It will be a little over the $30/person budget at Burma Love or Mandalay (recommended in another comment) if you’re drinking, but it’s a very great cuisine that isn’t found in many other places - kinda an SF special at this point.

GervontaTank
OP
Thanks. I'll definetly give at least one a try./

LongjumpingFunny5960
Korean hole in the wall - serves until around 1 am https://sftoyose.wixsite.com/toyose

Mandalay James Beard award winner https://mandalaysf.com/

There are so many good Thai and Dumpling places here.

GervontaTank
OP
Thanks for the suggestions. Heard a lot about Mandalay and Burma Love for Burmese food.

LongjumpingFunny5960
If you are in North Beach, go to Molinari https://www.themolinarideli.com/

Take home a dry salami.

GervontaTank
OP
Thanks, this wasn't on my radar.

hydraheads
Helmand Palace is delicious!

GervontaTank
OP
Seems quite popular; definitely will have to check it out.

leocollinss
Can vouch for tony's, z&y, golden boy and dumpling home. If the wait for dumpling home is too long, dumpling story on valencia is run by the same people and just as good. Line for golden boy will get pretty long on fri/sat nights, and I've found that quality can vary based on slice (I actually like it more reheating it in the air fryer but that's just me).

I would definitely add El Farolito on 24th/mission (cash only -- get the carne asada super burrito). Consider good luck dim sum, good mong kok, katsuo and kombu, and laundromat (bagels in the morning, pizza at night).

This seems pretty restaurant focused but I'd also add at least one of arsicault, butter and crumble, juniper, bob's, thorough bread & pastry, tartine, and/or maison nico because SF's bakery scene is surprisingly good.

GervontaTank
OP
Thanks, those all sound like good suggestions. Now that you mention it, I made a separate list for bakeries, cafes, desserts, etc.:

The Coffee Movement

Butter & Crumble

B Patisserie

Arsicault

Bi-Rite Creamery

Matcha Cafe Maiko

Dandelion Chocolate

Urban Ritual

Bob's Donuts & Pastry Shop

Golden Gate Bakery

Swensen's

The Baked Bear

Maruwu Seicha

Good Mong Kok Bakery

Four Barrel Coffee

Glad a lot of the places you mentioned are on here. Juniper looks good; will definitely add it. Appreciate the help again.

Apprehensive_Ad9244
I’m a 30 year resident of the city who usually avoids the Fishermans Wharf area because it’s touristy. I tried Fog Harbor at Pier 39 when a friend was visiting recently and the food was really good!

thegneeb
bro i want rice balls. Corn and cheese katsu at ganji. no shot. I would come from out of town for this place.

GervontaTank
OP
Lol

From your list, in order, starting with the must-visits:

Deli Board — Adam makes the best sandwiches in all of SF. My favorite is the Gold-n-Berg-n-Stein, or the RACH, or The Mick.

Tony's Pizza Napoletana — for classic and really good pizza and Italian dishes.

Golden Boy Pizza — for that square, thick pizza that you eat on the sidewalk.

Dumpling Home — this place is legit. Those fried ones are soooo good! (There are also a million others, like it: Dumpling House, Dumpling Union, Dumping _____. You can't go wrong, and I assume they are all owned by same family since they all seem to be serving the same exact food.)

You can skip the rest on your list. Really.

What is missing and are a must-visit in my book:

Cotogna—my favorite place in SF. Sit at the bar right in front of the oven, and you will not go wrong. Great date spot too. Reservations for dinner are hard to come by, but can put name on list and go to Bix for a drink while you wait.

Bar Crudo (seafood)—a tiny little place, with consistently good oysters. (Forget Hog Island; this is so much better.)

Nopa—I LOOOOVE this place! While they can be a touch inconsistent, it is always a cut above the rest. (Be sure to check out their sibling restaurant Nopalito for lunch!)

Handroll Project (sushi)—one hand roll at a time.

Zazie—best brunch ever! Worst wait ever! (Everyone hates the wait here, and they are super snobby about it. But worth it. Bring snacks for the wait—it's be no less than 45-60mins, and can be 2 hours.)

Aziza—Amazing Moroccan by Michelin-starred chef, Mourad Lahlou. And yes, it is the sister restaurant to Michelin starred Mourad.

The Pawn Shop—Tapas, and yes, you have to bring something to trade! Really. (Note: the neighborhood it is in is super spicy and can look like a scene from Escape From New York at times. Uber in; Uber out.

Blue Plate—Wow, comfort food at its best! Get the fried chicken, the smoked trout deviled eggs, and the butterscotch pudding. Owned by local skateboarders, which somehow makes it cooler.

Academic-Camel-9538
You can remove Sotto Mare

GervontaTank
OP
Okay, thanks. Heard it and Fog Harbor are considered tourist traps, but was unsure if it was still worth a visit or not.

japandajames
I disagree with this! Crab season came late this year and the fresh crab diavolo at Sotto Mare is one of my favorite dishes in SF! You can grab a drink at Tony Nik’s while you wait! But I do agree to add Original’s Joes