Go to AskSF
r/AskSF
eddieyot4

What is currently the best restaurants in San Francisco?
Big foodie guy here. I need recommendations as it is my first time here in the city.

kirodotdev

Build precise context and make your intent explicit with Kiro's executable specs.
Learn More
kiro.dev
Thumbnail image: Build precise context and make your intent explicit with Kiro's executable specs.
Comments Section
macavity_is_a_dog
In n out

eddieyot4
OP
4x4 protein style and animal fries!!

Independent-Space643
Had my doubts, but you really are a foodie. Pristine order.

RotterdammerInTheBay
FTW!

RekopEca
There's no "best" restaurant.

There's too much food diversity here.

Pick a genre or neighborhood then resubmit your question.

Thanks,

SF

ddubs2020
Do you know how miserable you have to be to respond with this instead of stating your favorite spot(s) and location(s)?

Outrageous_Worker672
Check this out or check out r/SFFood

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskSF/wiki/index/

eddieyot4
OP
Thanks!!

Zealousideal_Fix6705
Great resources.

u/hyperagentapp

Deploy AI agents across your entire company. Every agent gets its own prompt, tools, skills, and budget — managed from one command center. Skill learning, eval rubrics, deploy to the org. $1,000 bonus credits for the first 1,000 subscribers. Built by the team at Airtable.
Sign Up
hyperagent.com
Thumbnail image: Deploy AI agents across your entire company. Every agent gets its own prompt, tools, skills, and budget — managed from one command center. Skill learning, eval rubrics, deploy to the org. $1,000 bonus credits for the first 1,000 subscribers. Built by the team at Airtable.
Zealousideal_Fix6705
Two still open suggestions, and commenting to see answers!

A dozen years ago or more I could have told you. Fleur de Lys, Incanto (I lived only 4 blocks away when I lived in Noe Valley), and Jardiniere were my favorite pricey places. Burger Bar, also by Huber Keller, Firefly, and Saru Sushi (last 2 are also in Noe Valley - both still there last I checked).

If you tell me where you are near or destination plans and price range, I have many more suggestions.

eddieyot4
OP
Ill be around pacific heights area! Im going to be here for a month so just want to try all the good stuff. Price is not an issue, it can be from food trucks to michelin star restaurants. Ill check out your recommendations for sure.

auntieup
Bar Crenn for cocktails. Japantown for ramen. The Progress for upscale California cuisine. House of Prime Rib for steaks. Balboa Cafe for espresso martinis and cougar watching. El Farolito for super burritos. Sotto Mare for cioppino. Line up outside Arsicault for croissants, and take the 38 bus west to 22nd Avenue for spectacular Middle Eastern food at Aziza.

Have fun!

bd1047
Taco Bell Cantina

CrazedZooChimp
Chronicle top 100 is a good place to start: https://www.sfchronicle.com/projects/2025/top-100-best-restaurants-san-francisco-bay-area/

4252020-asdf
Californios

AdInteresting3931
khao tiew

u/DoorDashforBusiness

Lunch regrets are real. We can fix that.
Order Now
doordash.com
Thumbnail image: Lunch regrets are real. We can fix that.
Mindless-Remove-7785
Noodle in a haystack

eddieyot4
OP
Ayooo! That place looks good. 🤤 Reservations only?

greenergarlic
Ernest

EmbodiedGuitarist
McDonald’s on Filmore

AdInteresting3931
jilli!

More-Ad-4261
Foreign Cinema Papalote Senior Sisig Super duper Ernest

Ambitious_Row_2259
hot dog stands in the mission. 12am - 3am friday to sunday

lannanh
Chome

La Taqueria just got a michelin star

Charming-Call-7771
Fog Harbor Fish House is iconically San Francisco, with their bay views, classic SF seafood dishes, the sea lions right there. It's a great spot

AccordingAnswer5031
Follow your wallet