San Francisco’s Top 10 Restaurants To Visit
Lord Stanley San Francisco
Tweet

Pin
Since I’m constantly asked where to dine in San Francisco (or SF as us locals call it) I wanted to start a running list of San Francisco’s Top 10 Restaurants according to the JetSetting Fashionista at any given moment. This will be like the Eater 38 list which changes every month. So, visit often as I’ll be updating it as I have a new favorite spot I’ve discovered…Click on the link to read my post & review on the spot.  Note, there is no particular order here, just a list of San Francisco’s Top 10 Restaurants I recommend you experience.

Che Fico
At this point, Che Fico doesn’t really need an introduction… But I will say this is another incredibly hot spot in San Francisco with both amazing food, a super lively hip, high energy scene, and an extremely talented team. Led by David Nayfield of Eleven Madison (New York) and Chef de Cuisine Evan  Allumbaugh (formerly of Flour + Water) this culinary team is amazing. When you visit be sure to have the Pineapple Pizza, the special pasta of the day, and the Chopped Salad. 838 Divisadero St, San Francisco, CA 94117

Chefs Evan & David during my first (of many) visits.

The to die for Chopped Salad.

The Pineapple Pizza. So so yummy!

Liholiho Yacht Club
For some of the most fun, adventurous food (Hawaiian inspired cuisine) on this list, check out Liholiho Yacht Club. This is a San Francisco favorite located in the Tenderloin from acclaimed Chef Ravi Kapur. Their food is wonderful, the setting is lively and I have never taken anyone here who didn’t fall in love with the cuisine, the great service, and the killer scene. I recommend the Bone Marrow (if it’s on the menu), tuna poke on a nori cracker & kimchee fried rice to start.  Get to know Chef Ravi and read my interview with him here. 871 Sutter St, San Francisco, CA 94109

Me and Chef Ravi Kapur during a visit. I also love the open kitchen located in the middle of the restaurant which is great for guests to watch the chefs hard at work. I tend to love seeing chef’s work and always pop in to say hi (I’m sure a major distraction) but they’re always friendly about it.

Lord Stanley
Another one of San Francisco’s Top 10 Restaurants is Lord Stanley.  This is led by Rupert and Carrie Blease, owners and co-Chefs of Lord Stanley. They all have extensive backgrounds working throughout Europe and the US. For example, at Le Manoir aux Quat Saisons, Texture, L’ Amphytrion, and locally at Central Kitchen and Commonwealth. The menu is simple, yet refined, with British and European influences. The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, and very San Francisco. 2065 Polk St, San Francisco, CA 94109.

Husband and wife Owners & C0-Chefs Carrie and Rupert Blease

Nopa
It’s hard to talk about San Francisco’s Top 10 Restaurants and not mention Nopa (at least for me). This is the spot that I take every single visitor (especially people who live in New York) as it just has the most lively vibe, energy, and amazing farm-fresh food which changes daily based on what Chef Laurence and the team find at the market. Laurence (Chef & Owner) was one of the first Chefs I got to know in San Francisco (literally by going to Nopa once or twice a month) and the rest is history…. Watch my video interview with Chef Laurence here. Trust me, this is an iconic San Francisco destination you will adore.

But plan ahead, it’s hard to get in so plan 30 days early or go at 5 pm, grab a drink during their 5-6 pm lite bites menu and you’ll be first on the walk-in list for a table at 6 pm. Be sure to tell them The JetSetting Fashionista sent you!  560 Divisadero St, San Francisco, CA 94117

Laurence, me and my cousin Liz (see told you every out of town visitors goes here) brunching at the Chef’s Counter (my favorite spot to dine at Nopa).

Rich Table
Another fabulous culinary gem located in Hayes Valley is Rich Table. With some of the most incredible pasta and delicious cuisine in the city, this is another go-to I adore. This has a very familiar feel to it as if you’re dining at a friend’s home and the team could not be more approachable or friendly.

I have gotten to know Chef Evan and Sarah over the years and love visiting not only for their great food, amazing wine list, and killer cocktails but because I adore them. I love supporting family-owned businesses and cool cats like these guys! Learn more about the team behind Rich Table and Chefs Evan & Sarah Rich on my interview here. 199 Gough St, San Francisco, CA 94102

Husband and wife Owners and Chefs Evan and Sarah Rich

Sorrel Restaurant
Sorrel Restaurant is the newest addition to this list of San Francisco’s Top 10 Restaurants and I’m in love. I finally got the chance to visit a few months after their opening and was blown away. Sorrel has it all. They have amazing food, an incredible atmosphere, and attentive yet not pretentious service. And it is all led by the talented and young Chef Alex Hong. Chef Alex Hong studied at one of the most prestigious culinary schools in the world, The Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, New York, and then went on to work at Jean George New York followed by  Quince Restaurant, San Francisco.

Alex’s Cuisine at Sorrel is considered “New American” with Italian inspiration. After just one visit this has quickly become one of my new San Francisco crushes and I plan to return again and again! 3228 Sacramento St, San Francisco, CA 94115

Spruce
Spruce is known for crafting California-inspired cuisine, showcasing premium ingredients and a commitment to sustainability. With an extensive wine list of over 3,500 selections and a fabulous spirits collection, Spruce’s sommelier team has been praised for it’s excellence. Since opening in 2007, they’ve consistently earned acclaim for their menu, wines, and exceptional service. Notably, Spruce proudly holds titles like Esquire Magazine’s “Best New Restaurant in America” and Wine Spectator’s revered “Grand Award.” 3640 Sacramento Street San Francisco, CA

SPQR
For some of the most refined, yet flavorful pasta in the city, visit SPQR. This is a spot I always take my parents when they visit and each time we fall more in love. And one of my favorite sommeliers and inspirations in the wine world, Shelley Lindgren is the Sommelier and Owner here! I love her so love supporting one of her amazing restaurants. Her other restaurant is A16 (read more about A16 here). And, watch my interview here with Chef Matthew Accarino here to learn more about his incredible background and the restaurant! 1911 Fillmore St, San Francisco, CA 94115

State Bird Provisions
This is another spot in the city I adore and frequent almost as much as Nopa. The team could not be more approachable, friendly, and hospitable which always surprises me as in New York a Restaurant as successful as this was less friendly and approachable. Just one of the reasons I love the culinary scene in SF. There are not many ego’s and everyone is so nice.

State Bird is great for a fun culinary experience that is not stuff, but delicious, exciting and always changing. I recommend ordering the State Bird (their signature dish), their fried rice, garlic bread with burrata, oysters, save room for dessert, and any other specials they recommend. 1529 Fillmore St, San Francisco, CA 94115.

The fried rice which I always order

The sourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino & ricotta pancakes. Another fav I always order!

The infamous cart (which I suggest you save room for, about half of your dishes will come from here) with the delicious garlic bread with burrata. This has been on the menu for 6+ years (as long as I’ve been coming) and another must-try!

Zuni Café
No list of iconic San Francisco spots is complete without mentioning Zuni Café. Since its opening on February 15, 1979, Zuni Café has earned recognition like the James Beard Foundation Award for ‘Outstanding Restaurant’ in 2003 and ‘Outstanding Service’ in 2018. With a commitment to seasonal organic ingredients and a blend of French and Italian cuisine, Zuni’s daily changing menus reflect sustainability, featuring produce, meat, and fish that are predominantly farmed or harvested sustainably. 1658 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States

David Miller
June 20, 2015
Nice meeting you at Alpha Omega today…will be in touch later in the week. Try out Southpaw Restaurant in SF. Owner is Elizabeth Wells from Montgomery, AL. Has a great menu with a southern flair. The SF Giants just asked her to put in a place next to stadium as well. She has her hands in some other ventures as well so it might be a good connection.
Cheers!
Dave