Go to AskSF
r/AskSF
narr4rob

The Most "San Francisco" Restaurants in SF
I couldn't find any posts with this exact prompt, but what are the restaurants or bars around the city that are the closest to the heart and soul or representative of the current food scene of the city even if they may not be the absolute "best" (of course, they can still be the best!!!). I am visiting for basically 36 hours and want to to a few places that really scream SAN FRANCISCO. Love all cuisines.

Mostly interested in restaurants (breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks, dessert, coffee... literally whatever you think is the most SF thing around) but will take all kinds of recs too! Thank you in advance, so excited to visit.

wheelwatcher222
For restaurants: R&G Lounge, Zuni Cafe, Scoma’s, Swan Oyster, Burma Superstar, Balboa Cafe, House of Prime Rib, Tommy’s Joynt, Taqueria Cancun, Tadich Grill, Sam’s Grill, Thanh Long (or Crustacean), Swensen’s on Russian Hill, Saigon Sandwich, House of Nanking

For bars: Vesuvio, Shanghai Kelly’s, the North Star, the Buena Vista, the Old Ship, Tosca Cafe

Upbeat_Shock5912
Solid list. Only missing Zeitgeist for bars

sanfrancisco_and_irs
Curious to hear what others say, for me we often take visitors to LiPo.. an elderly Asian aunt making cocktail in a blender, while the bar is full of young diverse population, which gets BUSY over the weekends (and has a speakeasy-like-basement) in Chinatown, which is ~10mins from North Beach (I.e little Italy)

Phantom-Void0101
House of Prime Rib

ohshethrows
Zuni

paulderev
it’s more representative of a type of California-French type restaurant that was more en vogue here a generation or two ago but i think Zuni Cafe still holds up as an iconic sf restaurant even today. would say the same for Greens, although they’re not strictly french cuisine. greens was one of the first critically renowned all-vegetarian restaurants in the US I believe. both restaurants have been in business since 1979. A rarity in this town.

I would also say as far very current cutting edge Michelin-starred places like sons and daughters or californios they have tasting menus which pull heavily from the surrounding norcal farms and general terroir re: wine and fruits/veggies. I recommend these highly but not sure how much you’re willing to splurge while here. Or if you can even get a table on short notice.

fancier Thai, Vietnamese, Burmese restaurants like burma love or burma superstar or kin khao or lers ros or lily also represent flashier versions of predominant sf asian immigrant cuisines as well. oh and i just remembered: it’s too bad slanted door isn’t around in sf anymore. :( but if you find yourself way out in the east bay in san ramon you can drive out there and try it :)

anyway hopefully some solid suggestions in there for you

Edit: one of the best things about dining in sf is these hidden jewel neighborhood restaurants that serve some cuisine you never thought to seek out necessarily like sardinian food or something like that. that’s what la ciccia in noe valley is. also recommend.

Mundane-Bookkeeper12
I think heavy hitters are represented here, but when I think San Francisco I think of bakeries. Not quite a restaurant, but represents the food scene in SF to me. I wouldn’t say many of this are the best, but still good!

-Golden Gate Bakery -Stella Pastry -Victoria Pastry (had the same owner as Stella pastry when I worked there, and if that’s the case they are pretty similar) -Arezmendi  -Arsicault -Tartine

There’s actually a ton more of great bakeries, maybe better, but these are some that remind me of home whenever I’m out of town for too long.

u/drinkbodyarmor

An electrolyte beverage that can finally keep up with the blue-collar grind! @DrinkBODYARMOR FLASH I.V. keeps me hydrated and replenished throughout the entire summer! With 2290mg of electrolytes, it’s built for long days, hot sun, and getting the job done right! #BODYARMORpartner #bluecollarlife
Shop Now
7-eleven.com
Clickable image which will reveal the video player: An electrolyte beverage that can finally keep up with the blue-collar
grind! @DrinkBODYARMOR FLASH I.V. keeps me hydrated and replenished throughout the entire summer! With 2290mg of electrolytes, it’s built for long days, hot sun, and getting the job done right! #BODYARMORpartner #bluecollarlife
Collapse video player

0:00 / 0:00

21five
Buena Vista Cafe for breakfast and an Irish coffee.

Affectionate_Song_36
The Tonga Room at the Fairmont Hotel

macavity_is_a_dog
Tadich Grill

Vannjestic
La Taqueria

kidsilicon
I’m going with Eddie’s Cafe on Divis, and Zazie’s in Cole Valley.

In my opinion, San Francisco is a brunch town, and these two strike the balance between two worlds of SF: a quirky, gritty, soulful place run by a friendly immigrant family, and a workers co-op serving high end French cuisine. Both places have lines out the door on Saturday mornings, neither takes reservations (Zazie’s doesn’t even take tips).

Phantom-Void0101
Nopa is my favorite more modern SF restaurant.

neonpredator
tommy’s joynt

u/wayfair

Man Cave Ideas: The Slow-Build Guide
AmazingLeader18
Bix

ReconeHelmut
Tadich Grill.

Vannjestic
Anchor Oyster Bar

Significant-Bridge73
Beeps Burgers 😆

JadieJang
Traditional SF/SF Institutions:

Original Joe's: old school Italian American

The Stinking Rose: Garlic-themed Italian restaurant. Everything has garlic in it, even the ice cream.

Tommy's Joynt: Cafeteria style, meat and two kind of place. Decorated Victorianesque inside, from hippie days.

Sears Fine Foods: great old fashioned bistro-type place, which is great for brunch. Try the mini pancakes!

Greens: upscale vegetarian restaurant with amazing views!

House of Prime Rib: old fashioned fancy. Serves only steak (and maybe a little seafood) with only potatoes and salads tossed right at your table. A must for meat eaters.

Cafe Jacqueline: North Beach souffle restaurant serves only souffles, salads, and wine, but they're amazing.

Zuni Cafe: an institution of (nouveau) California cuisine. Pricey, but amazing.

Tommy's Mexican Restaurant: SF has VERY little truly decent Mexican food. Don't ask me why, even local Chicanos can't tell you why. Tommy's is one of the exceptions, and an institution.

Yank Sing: upscale dim sum. Best dim sum is in Millbrae, but this does the trick.

Hon's Wun Tun House: super old school Chinese American specializing in won ton noodle soup.

Tu Lan: divey Vietnamese diner on Skid Row with not-to-be-missed imperial rolls.

Marnee Thai: two locations, both excellent.

Suppenkuche: slightly upscale German food. Very good.

Current Food Scene:

China Live: upscale northern Chinese food and queen of the scene

Prubechu: Guamanian tapas. Really good.

Dosa: Southern Indian food; great dosa, of course! (EDIT: apparently Dosa closed during the pandemic. But it was the first, or one of the first of the new, upscale Indian places that serve dosa. There's also Udupi Palace--vegetarian--and these. There's also Curry Up Now for Indian street food.)

Mission Chinese Food: fusion Cantonese cooking in a former pop-up turned permanent, that is some of the best Chinese (IMO) in the city.

El Buen Comer: Truly good Mexican food. Try the chilaquiles for brunch or the pozole.

Delphina: upscale Italian and pizza and one of the first of the new wave.

Brenda's French Soul Food: is not one of my favorites, but it's a new staple of Southern/creole food.

Benu: upscale nouveau Korean that's cresting a wave of upscale Asia restaurants.

And really, for current food scene just google best of SF and take your pick. There's always amazing new places happening.

birdsnleaves
el farolito on 24th and mission

MashMeister
Buena Vista (more so for Irish coffee and vibes)

Baddog64
Zuni cafe

sfdisko
Zam Zam, Vesuvio, The Page

cat___stalker
State bird

nandezjb
Aziza in the Richmond

Shizen

Good Good Culture Club

Dumpling Home

Burma Superstar

B Patisserie

Marufuku

La Taqueria

lcj1034
Swensens ice cream

Open_Bug8852
Arizmendi!

Alternative-Safe-126
Swan oyster

funnybone3122
The Buena vista

mclazerlou
Zuni.

Molil
Molinari

DJ_Jungle
Tadich Grill

Buena Vista

Scoma’s

Swan Oyster Depot

HOPR

Thanh Long

Chez Panisse

Arsicault

La Taqueria

CharityResponsible54
I’m old school. I think Scoma is the most “San Francisco” restaurant.